Documentation Standard Updates (#33)
fivetran/dbt_pinterest: README.md

</p>

# Pinterest Ads Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_pinterest/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Pinterest Ads data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/pinterest-ads) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/pinterest-ads#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Pinterest Ads source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_pinterest_source).
- Enables you to better understand the performance of your ads across varying grains:

> - Providing an advertiser, campaign, ad group, keyword, pin, and utm level reports.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Providing an advertiser, campaign, ad group, keyword, pin, and utm level reports.
```

- Materializes output models designed to work simultaneously with our [multi-platform Ad Reporting package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting).
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Pinterest Ads data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_pinterest/).

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_pinterest/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion

<!--section=“pinterest_transformation_model"-->

The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_pinterest/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |
```
